Added ALT Tags for about/Product.rst (#5582)
mattermost/docs: source/about/faq-notifications.rst

Desktop notifications are triggered under to following conditions. Click to expand the flow chart.

.. image:: ../images/desktop_notification_chart.png

>   :alt: Shows how desktop notifications get triggered through Mattermost app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :alt: A flow diagram shows how Mattermost Desktop App notifications are triggered when a message is posted.
```

Mobile push notifications are triggered under to following conditions. Click to expand the flow chart.

.. image:: ../images/push_notification_chart.png

>   :alt: Shows how mobile push notifications get triggered through Mattermost app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :alt: A flow diagram shows how Mattermost mobile push notifications are triggered when a message is posted.
```
